README.md, before:

# DrinkShaker
Drinks Recipe iOS Application for CS690 Final Project

Group Name - Drink Shaker
Group Members - Shayn Hoy, Rushabh Vora

We aim to create an app which contains popular cocktail recipes, and the purpose of this app is to catalog your favourite drinks, interesting recipes, and to look up the most popular cocktail recipes to make yourself. 
You can add interesting recipes you come across elsewhere, you can add comments to each recipe as well as edit the recipe to your liking.

************
Priority 1's
************
  1. Rating System (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  2. Scroll through drinks (7 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  3. Edit drinks (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  4. Add drinks (4 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  5. Delete drinks (2 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  6. Attractive UI (14 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  7. Category system i.e. liquor type, all, by rating, custom drinks (10 hours) - Shay Hoy
  8. Shake feature (5 hours) - Rushabh Vora & Shayn Hoy
  
  
************
Priority 2's
************
  1. Search recipes by ingredient (8 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  2. Drink suggestions (10 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  3. Place where drink is from (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  4. Comment section for drinks (4 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  5. Search by drink name (9 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  6. Allow a photo to be attached to each drink (13 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  
************
### Wire Frames
************
![image uploaded from ios 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232862-71618e1a-36cd-11e8-8881-3fdb3beca924.jpg)
![image uploaded from ios 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232890-9bff8b04-36cd-11e8-9ff0-1bb3976ec6d5.jpg)
![image uploaded from ios](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232899-a45d65e6-36cd-11e8-8957-ad1e91f65bd4.jpg)

Commit message:

Added final project submission details

README.md, after:

Final Submission Updates

Priority 1 features have been implemented with the exception of delete drinks.
Some priority 2 features have been implemented (place where drink is from, photo attach to each drink, comment section)

Most of the collaboration has been done in person, as we sat together for majority of the coding time, at Rushabh's place.

Issues - 

1) Persistent data implementation. By far the biggest issue. Once this was solved, rest of the pieces fell into place. Tried using NSData, Core Data, finally settled on Realm.io
2) Getting images successfully saved, as well as successfully retrieved for display.

Cocoapods was utilised, only pod utilised is realm.io. Due to which build time can be longer than expected


# DrinkShaker
Drinks Recipe iOS Application for CS690 Final Project

Group Name - Drink Shaker
Group Members - Shayn Hoy, Rushabh Vora

We aim to create an app which contains popular cocktail recipes, and the purpose of this app is to catalog your favourite drinks, interesting recipes, and to look up the most popular cocktail recipes to make yourself. 
You can add interesting recipes you come across elsewhere, you can add comments to each recipe as well as edit the recipe to your liking.

************
Priority 1's
************
  1. Rating System (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  2. Scroll through drinks (7 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  3. Edit drinks (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  4. Add drinks (4 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  5. Delete drinks (2 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  6. Attractive UI (14 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  7. Category system i.e. liquor type, all, by rating, custom drinks (10 hours) - Shay Hoy
  8. Shake feature (5 hours) - Rushabh Vora & Shayn Hoy
  
  
************
Priority 2's
************
  1. Search recipes by ingredient (8 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  2. Drink suggestions (10 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  3. Place where drink is from (4 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  4. Comment section for drinks (4 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  5. Search by drink name (9 hours) - Shayn Hoy
  6. Allow a photo to be attached to each drink (13 hours) - Rushabh Vora
  
************
### Wire Frames
************
![image uploaded from ios 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232862-71618e1a-36cd-11e8-8881-3fdb3beca924.jpg)
![image uploaded from ios 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232890-9bff8b04-36cd-11e8-9ff0-1bb3976ec6d5.jpg)
![image uploaded from ios](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21266455/38232899-a45d65e6-36cd-11e8-8957-ad1e91f65bd4.jpg)
